# Beyond Feelings英文总结

> 发布日期：2021-05-22

---

点击上方

蓝字

关注盛大白

盛大白的第51篇原创

> 01 Who are YOU

Most of us do not realize how much influence this world has on us. Different environments have different influences. In the past, the influence of the family environment was the most important. Now with the development of various media, the mainstream social culture has more and more influence on us. And often the mainstream culture of society makes us more inclined to satisfy ourselves rather than work, self-indulgence rather than self-control, materialism rather than idealism. If we are not aware of the influence of the mainstream culture that we are under, then we will sacrifice a lot of time in pursuit of goals to pursue good times and consume. The influence of the family is still very important, because children's ideas are easily shaped in childhood. Children know very little and have the ability to judge, so they blindly imitate and absorb all information. The influence of the early family will result in the four inherent ideas (not good, good, bad, good) that children have when they grow up. Not every idea is good. The author believes that only those who possess the last state are conscious individuals. What is an independent individual? The author believes that a person who acts according to instinct and does not carefully check the social influence is not an independent individual, and he is no different from Pavlov's dog. The author gives four instructions for becoming an independent individual: Treat your response to any person, event, environment, or problem as temporary, even if it is attractive, don’t embrace it until you carefully examine it. Think about why you reacted this way. Who did you learn this response from? For example, from parents, friends, celebrities, or fictional characters on TV? If you can, find the specific experience that led to your reaction like this. Think about your other possible reactions to this person, event, environment, and problem. Ask yourself if other reactions would be more reasonable. When answering, try not to be affected by your own situation.

> 02 What is CRITICAL THINKING

Critical thinking, "critical" here does not mean excessive accusations, but independent thinking in a critical way. Many people have some misunderstandings about critical thinking. The first kind of misunderstanding is that critical thinking is the reason to be able to find support for beliefs, but in fact, critical thinking needs to judge whether these reasons are correct or sufficient; the second kind of misunderstanding is that critical thinking is not being invaded by other ideas or opinions , But in fact a stubborn person is not a person with critical thinking. Critical thinking means making an wise decision, no matter how common the decision is. The third misunderstanding is that critical thinking means having a lot of right things in your head. The answer, but in fact, critical thinking is a person’s ability to pursue answers without adequate preparation; there is also a misunderstanding that critical thinking is inherently possessed and cannot be learned, but in fact critical thinking is a kind of habit. Compared with non-critical thinkers, what are the characteristics of critical thinkers? American philosopher John Dewey gives the following comparison: Critical thinker: Be honest with yourself, know your limitations, and be alert to your possible mistakes Non-critical thinkers: think that they know more than they actually do, ignore their limitations, and assume that their opinions are correct Critical thinker: Treat difficult and controversial issues as exciting challenges Non-critical thinkers: treat difficult and controversial issues as threats to oneself Critical thinker: Try to understand, stay curious, be patient with complex things and be ready to invest time to understand it Non-critical thinkers: easy to be irritable with complicated things, so fate remains confused Critical thinker: Put aside personal preferences and initial opinions on evidence, delay them as long as there is insufficient evidence, and correct them if the evidence is wrong Non-critical thinkers: base their judgment on the first impression and initial reaction, not caring about the quantity and quality of the evidence, and fix the conclusion on the original point of view Critical thinker: Interested in other people’s opinions, willing to listen attentively even if they disagree Non-critical thinkers: pre-occupied by their own opinions, when other people's opinions appear, the first reaction is "how to refute him?" Critical thinkers: Recognize that extreme views (conservative/open) are difficult to be correct, so try to avoid extremes, practice fair treatment of different views, and seek balanced concepts Non-critical thinkers: Ignore the balance of opinions and give preference to ideas that support their own opinions Critical thinker: Practice self-restraint, control your feelings instead of being controlled by them, think twice before acting Non-critical thinkers: tend to obey feelings and follow Dewey believes that spiritual/spiritual self-discipline is freedom, and there is no difference between a person who is unable to self-discipline and a slave. Regarding writing, writing has two purposes, one is the purpose of discovering ideas and the other is the purpose of communication. We learn a lot in school for the latter, but the former can also be very useful. Writing is not only to sort out the ideas you already have, but also to stimulate the output of ideas like flowing water. When you write for the purpose of discovering ideas, focus on the problem you are thinking about and record all your thoughts, questions, and opinions. Don't worry about them being unorganized or wrong. Maybe ideas appear very slowly, so be patient; maybe they suddenly appear in large numbers. Don't try to slow it down to discuss a certain point, but record them all. We have time to discuss or revise them later.

> 03 What is TRUTH

What is truth? Does absolute truth exist? Some people believe that there is absolute truth, which transcends time and space, and is the sum of all facts; others believe that there is no absolute truth, and that absolute truth is an empty concept and a kind of idealism; some even believe that, Let alone absolute truth, even the so-called truth does not exist. Everything we experience will affect us, it will prove its correctness, and make us tend to believe it. In addition, what we see has been affected by the way we look at things. We are interested in what attracts us and tend to overlook things that are not important to us. So everyone's perspective is different, and no two people see things exactly the same. {Everyone will be influenced by their own past experiences, their own environment, their own perspective of seeing things, and their own emotions at the time that affect their views, attitudes, and thinking patterns. Therefore, we cannot treat ourselves as being more reasonable, but try to analyze the legitimacy and rationality of others. In this way we can be more tolerant and the possibility of progress will be greatly increased. This kind of progress is not only in accepting the correct ideas that we might resist, but also in seeking the rationality of their behavior even if the ideas of others are really wrong. It also helps us to understand and tolerate humanity more. }If we stop the analysis here, the result now is that everyone has their own relative truth, and the truth for you may be a fallacy for another. No one has higher legitimacy. Is this really okay? We need to continue the analysis. First, we will make mistakes in our perceptions. Second, the information we obtain may be inaccurate or incomplete. Then, even our wisdom may go wrong. {There are many examples in the book to prove these three points, and we often encounter this situation in our lives. People are so easy to make mistakes. The so-called wise are people who understand that they will make mistakes and can work hard to avoid many mistakes. } After such a discussion, how to give a definition of truth? The truth of a matter is the distribution and proportion of the exact facts in the matter. To find the truth of any question is to find the correct answer, an answer that fully expresses the reality. No matter how difficult we find in discerning or stating the truth, it is of secondary importance. There are some problems, if there are UFOs, some people think they are, and some people think they don't. This does not mean that there is no truth, nor does it mean that those who agree and deny it are equally correct. It means that no matter what the truth is, we do not have it yet. Having the right mental framework can reduce your burden of pursuing the truth and bring you the same adventurous experience as the greatest thinker in history. A good way to start is to keep the following thought in mind: "I know I have limitations and can be easily misled. I will never get all the answers I want to know, but I can observe more accurately and weigh some more carefully. And draw conclusions more cautiously. If I do this, I will be closer to the truth." This is very different from saying "everyone has their own truth" or "everything depends on how you look at it."

> 04 What does it mean to KNOW

Knowing the wrong information is not known as knowing, and knowing the correct information but not knowing it is not known as knowing. What does it mean to know? Knowing is not only knowing the correct information but also knowing that you know it. Defaults, guesses, and guesses are not called knowing. By default, it is accustomed to something—that is to say, unconsciously having an idea about something but not testing it, or even being aware of it. Guessing is about providing a comment or answer to something but not sure whether it is right or wrong. To speculate is to make a refined guess and choose an answer with uncertainty, but there is some evidence that it may be correct. The conclusions drawn by default, guessing, and speculation may be right or wrong. Even if it is right, we cannot equate this with knowing. There are two channels for us to acquire knowledge, positive and negative. The positive way we acquire knowledge is through our own direct experience, such as passing tests and proving an idea. The negative way is to hear knowledge from others. There are huge flaws in the way of passively acquiring knowledge. We will often accept the information we are told without judgment. Of course, most of this information is not of low quality like rumors. In fact, even with the most powerful active learning and passive learning under the most demanding judgment methods, it is impossible to acquire perfect knowledge. One reason is that problems that have not been solved in the past will still prevent solutions; another reason is that there is no paradigm because new situations appear every day; and another reason is that knowledge will be forgotten in the intergenerational exchange of generations. Or be rejected.

> 05 How GOOD are you OPTION

The word opinion is now often used unthinkingly to describe people’s tastes, beliefs, and judgments. People care about their own and others' opinions, so when others challenge your opinions, you may find it intolerable. Sometimes opinions involve taste issues, and questioning other people’s tastes is not only unbearable, but also stupid. There is no need to argue about taste. Everyone will have their own opinions, so should everyone have the freedom to hold any opinions? To some extent yes, but if your point of view has caused harm to other people, it is worth discussing. People's views may be wrong, even after hard work and objective verification, their views may be wrong. Even experts can make mistakes, and there have been many examples in history. People often make mistakes: not thinking, imitating the opinions and practices of those around them; letting emotions rather than rationality manage oneself, relying on instinct and impulse; although thinking seriously, they lack integrity, feel good about themselves, and cannot be comprehensive Look at the problem carefully; once an opinion is formed, it is no longer tested, and the opportunity to correct errors is lost. Since experts can make mistakes, should we no longer trust authority? They should still believe it, because generally speaking, they have more information about their own fields than people in other fields, so their judgments are more accurate. We do not have the time and energy to investigate every field, so consulting an expert in a field is not a performance of dependence and no responsibility, but a manifestation of efficiency and judgment. We always have to form our own opinions. Because we always receive all kinds of information that we need to respond to, either emotionally or ideologically, even if we want to avoid forming opinions, let alone we cannot avoid them. Viewpoints may make us wise or stupid, so we need to form a more complete view. The following practices can help us. Form an opinion based on meticulous observations, rather than habit and impulse, use critical thinking to shape it; over time, use newly learned knowledge to test the old point of view, revise and iterate it; once you form an opinion, it will It will limit your field of vision. When forming an opinion, it will be based on whether you feel comfortable or not, but whether it is well in line with the facts.

> 06The Basic ProblemMINE IS BETTER

It is very natural that we prefer what we have (except when we are jealous of others) to what others have. Actually, we see our things as extensions of ourselves —— my car, my clothes, my opinion. We like the extension of ourselves, so we always feel "mine better ". Generally speaking, people realize that they have such a tendency, see themselves more special, and understand that others are so, so they can control their tendency. But some people do not realize their tendency, they are self-centered people. Self-centered people, in the face of a challenge, even just let them explain their views, they will resist. In their hearts, it is completely meaningless to ask or test their views, and they are right. Self-centered people are not born like this, but their early family education has formed their current psychological habits. When they were young, they were often strictly disciplined, and parents or teachers were strict with what to do. They can not face ambiguous results or answers, lack patience with complex questions, and tend to oversimplify daily affairs. Self-centered people, often black or white. To a question, often either agree or oppose, think oneself agree is right, opposite have destructive mistake. As long as I judge the problem —— I don't need to think about it. In addition, such prejudice has the effect of satisfying self-centered people who pour their condemnation of real or imagined social problems. Denouncing people who disagree with their views can be very good, they can easily find a target point to vent their anger and fear. It is easy to see the impact of my better attitude on the thinking and judgment of self-centered people, and not to be underestimated for the rest of us. In fact, my better attitude is one of the most basic problems to be solved by critical thinking. If we ignore it, it will not only distort our perception, but also corrupt our judgment. There are two ways to effectively help us control my better thinking. First of all, remember that we, like others, are more vulnerable to the influence of "my better" thinking when we encounter problems that we really care about {" care is messy "," the fan of the authorities "}. The second way to help us control my better thinking is to pay attention to its symptoms. We can observe the signs of it at the level of feeling and thinking. A sign of feeling: a very pleasant, good feeling, a desire to express or argue immediately without further judging it; or a very unpleasant, negative feeling, a desire to attack and condemn a statement or argument immediately. omens of thought: like "I' m glad experts take such a position —— I' ve always thought so" and "analyzing the evidence is a waste of time —— the conclusion must be so ", or" such a view is absurd because it challenges my perception —— I refuse to consider it ". As soon as we see signs like ourselves in our senses or in our minds, be on guard —— I am suffering from my better thinking. The right thing to do at this point is to force yourself immediately to think more fairly.

> 07RESISTANCE to change

All changes represent more or less damaging our daily life, threatening the habits we have built and challenging what we are familiar with. Change means that "my better" is challenged, our sense of security is threatened, and insecurity is often the reason why we distance ourselves from new ideas. Another reason is that people are afraid of the unknown —— In fact, sometimes fear of the unknown is because of insecurity, but many times fear that the unknown itself will bring unsafe results. It is valuable to maintain many traditions, but sometimes it is shortsighted. These times are generally accepted without being examined by tradition and even an excuse to refuse change. overcoming resistance to change is very important. The first reason is that all creative ideas usually come from outside of familiar accepted ideas and are new and unexpected; the second reason is that resistance to change hinders fair judgment on the basis of critical thinking. How to overcome the resistance to change? Imagine yourself meeting a new idea that conflicts. In addition, imagine that when this new idea challenges your past cognition or usual behavior, your response is very strong. Well, at this point you're going to reject your original resistance as the criterion for judging the new idea. Force yourself to put the initial reaction long enough until you can judge the new idea fairly. If you now have good and correct reasons to reject the new idea, just refuse. But be honest with yourself, if the reason for rejection is simply an excuse to make a diagnosis, understand (at least tell yourself) that your bias is too serious to judge that idea fairly.

> 08CONFORMITY

To follow the crowd is to act like the people around you. There are many advantages of conformity, which usually makes us safer, makes our daily life more efficient, allows us to follow certain manners and get along well, and usually brings us more safety and comfort than the creativity lost. But conformity is not always good for us. Sometimes conformity does not bring us actual safety or convenience when it makes us conform to the public. On many occasions, we need to judge ourselves and follow the public without judgment. Human beings are social animals. We live with others and have links with others. When we are first conscious, we understand the importance of linking to people. In the process of our growth, we will feel the pain of separation, even if we grow up, the pain of separation will not disappear. We therefore always yearn for recognition, acceptance and appreciation. Conformity gives us a sense of belonging. When we belong to a group, we have the pressure to follow the common ideas and actions of the group, and the negative will be isolated. But when a person is separated from his group, the group will make him realize that he is wrong and pressure him to comply. Ironically, even groups that oppose compliance create pressure for group members to comply. The drive of this group of compliance forces can make thinking biased. A lot of history, we can get proof {see original text}, Janis summarize the defects of this kind of group compliance in making decisions. When analyzing, groups do not analyze more choices but focus on a small part; when they send out your initial decisions by defects, they will no longer consider them; they will hardly analyze the weaknesses of their own thinking; they will not seek the advice of experts; They only think about the ideas that support their position and rarely think about the obstacles hidden behind the success of their plans. Perhaps the reality is more typical and dramatic than in these examples, but these defects do exist. How to avoid blindly following the crowd? Some people think that the views of the majority should be simply opposed —— In fact, there is no difference between simply opposing the views of the majority and simply following the views of the majority. Others say that no matter what others say, they should rely entirely on their own thinking —— which does protect the stupidity away from others, but also let us away from the wisdom of others, reports, papers, interviews and so on are our materials to test a problem. The secret of avoiding blindly following the crowd is not simply to accept or reject the views of the majority, but to rely on our critical thinking to test all the evidence, to agree with the most reasonable point of view and not to care how many people agree with it. 08CONFORMITY To follow the crowd is to act like the people around you. There are many advantages of conformity, which usually makes us safer, makes our daily life more efficient, allows us to follow certain manners and get along well, and usually brings us more safety and comfort than the creativity lost. But conformity is not always good for us. Sometimes conformity does not bring us actual safety or convenience when it makes us conform to the public. On many occasions, we need to judge ourselves and follow the public without judgment. Human beings are social animals. We live with others and have links with others. When we are first conscious, we understand the importance of linking to people. In the process of our growth, we will feel the pain of separation, even if we grow up, the pain of separation will not disappear. We therefore always yearn for recognition, acceptance and appreciation. Conformity gives us a sense of belonging. When we belong to a group, we have the pressure to follow the common ideas and actions of the group, and the negative will be isolated. But when a person is separated from his group, the group will make him realize that he is wrong and pressure him to comply. Ironically, even groups that oppose compliance create pressure for group members to comply. The drive of this group of compliance forces can make thinking biased. A lot of history, we can get proof {see original text}, Janis summarize the defects of this kind of group compliance in making decisions. When analyzing, groups do not analyze more choices but focus on a small part; when they send out your initial decisions by defects, they will no longer consider them; they will hardly analyze the weaknesses of their own thinking; they will not seek the advice of experts; They only think about the ideas that support their position and rarely think about the obstacles hidden behind the success of their plans. Perhaps the reality is more typical and dramatic than in these examples, but these defects do exist. How to avoid blindly following the crowd? Some people think that the views of the majority should be simply opposed —— In fact, there is no difference between simply opposing the views of the majority and simply following the views of the majority. Others say that no matter what others say, they should rely entirely on their own thinking —— which does protect the stupidity away from others, but also let us away from the wisdom of others, reports, papers, interviews and so on are our materials to test a problem. The secret of avoiding blindly following the crowd is not simply to accept or reject the views of the majority, but to rely on our critical thinking to test all the evidence, to agree with the most reasonable point of view and not to care how many people agree with it.

> 09FACE-SAVING

Everyone will have an imagination of themselves, and often people are more sure of themselves: wisdom, responsibility, intelligence, care, observation, courage, generosity, and so on. Part of this tendency comes from people who want to be good, moral, and meet certain standards. But unfortunately, this tendency can also lead to face-saving. Face-loving allows us to protect ourselves when our self-imagination or image we show to others is threatened by reality. It seems that fully mature, well-adjusted individuals can draw a line between face-loving and yearning for a better tendency, rather than crossing the line. In other words, they can prevent themselves from extending their blame to others. But in fact, we haven't seen anyone so mature on all occasions. We all have irrational, and often unconscious, resistance to protect self-schema. There are many face-loving situations, such as someone defending their role and losing control when others tell him that he is not as he thinks. There are many theories trying to explain why people love face. One theory is that everyone feels more or less inferiority complex, and the proponents of this theory believe that as we grow up, adult control of children causes their adult insecurity and self-confidence. This theory explains why people need to have their own imagination to keep them from different situations —— not only to make them look ugly, but also to make them look ugly. Even their inferiority complex suspects their own situation. Whatever the cause of face, he creates obstacles between imagination and reality. Face-loving brings us into a narrow, subjective perspective, thus hindering our self-awareness, and because of our fear of disliked facts, face-loving allows us not to really examine and think clearly. Even more terrible, not only when there are people around, we will love face, only when we are ourselves, we will also love face —— want to prove that they are right, to deny the new doubts about self-image. The effect of face-loving on critical thinking is obvious. It is a rationalization process rather than a reasoning process. Rationalization and reasoning are the opposite: reasoning is the process from evidence to conclusion; rationalization begins with what conclusion we need, and then selectively proves it to be so. Therefore, face-saving destroys the process of our careful thinking. Unfortunately, we may not be able to eliminate our face bias. However, we can learn to control it, thus greatly reducing its impact on our critical thinking. To control your face-loving trend, first admit that you have. Then, to convince yourself that it is not a shame to admit that you love face, because it is a natural trend to deny its existence, and to be dishonest to yourself is a shame. Then, when you hear or read unpleasant thoughts, pay more attention to your reaction and try to anticipate your face-saving situation. Finally, whenever you catch your face, stop and say ," well, is face what I want, what is it? Where is the truth ?" Rejecting your inner irrationality requires your mind to cooperate uncompromisingly and honestly, and you will soon be able to control face-loving tendencies.

> 10STEREOTYPING

Stereotype is a form of generalization. When we generalize, that is, classify people, places, things, we are based on their common characteristics. But stereotype is not just generalization, but fixed, distorted generalization. When stereotypes are challenged, it is difficult for their holders to change or deny their impressions. People with stereotypes tend to choose their own perspective, and they refuse to violate their initial judgment. In general, the stereotype can be very difficult to shake, it may change from very narrow oversimplification to very fair and wise, but then return to the stereotype. The stereotypical way of thinking shows a technical common denominator of all prejudices: shifting the responsibility of judgment from the judge to the judge. There are many causes of stereotype, the most prominent is "my better" thinking, its extreme form is racism; another reason is "minimum effort principle ", inductive stereotype is a very" labor-saving "way to recognize the world. Stereotype is very unfair to the judge, it negates the dignity and independence of the other party, and regards the other party as a person without a name, no face, random in the group. When a person has a stereotype, he puts others in a simple classification, he believes such a lie, they live into this lie {self-proclaimed}. They are the biggest victims themselves. It's not easy to remove stereotypes from childhood, especially about racism. But if you don't put stereotypes aside, you will never realize the power of your critical thinking. Stereotypes distort your observations, what you hear, what you read, and then lock your understanding. There are two points that can help us free from stereotypes. The first is to constantly remind yourself that few people, institutions, or processes can be put into a simple classification, and critical thinking requires you to make judgments based on specific time, place, and environment, rather than on preconceived ideas. Second, whenever you observe, listen, and read, be vigilant when you feel that you already know the results don't need to go on. When this feeling occurs when collecting information, it is almost certain that it is a sign of stereotype and should be ignored.

> 11OVERSIMPLIFICATION

Simplification is a useful and even necessary activity. The world is complex, and complex problems can only be made clear in a simplified way. Big data, artificial intelligence is not a simplified way to make the world simple, they use the world's original complexity to deal with the world. } Although simplification is not wrong, oversimplification is an obstacle to critical thinking. Oversimplification is not just simplifying the problem to an operational level, but also misinterpreting the facts and misleading others. There are many examples of oversimplification, such as "if a student doesn't learn well, it's a teacher who doesn't teach well "," we know ourselves better than others "," you give him relief, you turn him into a tramp" and so on. What is the cause of oversimplification? The most obvious reason is that we are reluctant to invest the time necessary to solve complex problems. Then another reason is people's insecurity. In complex situations, people's judgment can only be temporary and self-doubt, which makes people lose direction. Some people's knowledge needs a simple answer, not a real answer, and their choice for security is oversimplified. Another reason is that some people see only the side that affects them and can not look at the problem comprehensively. How to prevent oversimplification? To prevent oversimplification is to refuse to describe a problem in a situation. When you express your ideas, first check its accuracy, if it is not completely accurate, modify it and say again.

> 12HASTY CONCLUSIONS

A hasty conclusion is a judgment that is only premature, before enough evidence is collected. People only look at the single face of things can cause hasty judgment. One reason for people's hasty judgment is that it is convenient. People fear complex analytical processes and fear complexity. So when people first hear a point, they accept it. After repeated times, those views will become what they believe. pandering to this tendency often makes yourself look more authoritative. When people feel this insecurity, when they want to add a point of view, or make the conversation more vivid, people have the habit of abstracting an expression to a higher level, which often leads to hasty conclusions. For example, one person said that "there was a very noisy child at the party yesterday ", and the other person pandered to" the children are getting less polite now ". Even those who can get rid of the convenience of thinking and mature intelligence have a tendency to choose their own tendency in some possible answers. Many people realize this tendency, but there is no way to let it not affect their thinking. Some people don't realize it at all, and it is clear that these people will be more affected by this tendency. Another major reason for hasty conclusions is that special circumstances are difficult to predict. For example, drug testing standards. It is important not to conclude quickly, because once we have any conclusions, our curiosity on this issue will be reduced. In other words, we shape our own cognition, and if we just want to think about other conclusions, we all have to break our cognition first. Doing so is very difficult ——" my better "thinking, resistance to change and face-saving factors can be involved. There are three suggestions to avoid hasty conclusions :1. Before you draw a conclusion, make sure that you have taken into account all the important issues related to the problem ;2. When you do not have sufficient evidence, either refuse to judge or use if... If the evidence only supports the possible conclusion rather than the definite conclusion, reflect this fact in your conclusion.

> 13UNWARRANTED ASSUMPTIONS

The conclusion is the judgment made after thinking, and we need to reason before we make the decision. Hypothesis is an idea before we think, it is not proved by reasoning, just think so. It is natural to make assumptions, and we do a lot of assumptions every day. Suppose we make our lives more convenient without consuming a lot of energy to prove it. But in most cases, our assumptions are grounded, and even if there are accidents, we can not deny that our assumptions are unfounded. Not all assumptions are grounded, and empirical assumptions are better than others. Unfounded assumptions are mainly due to the assumption that certain things should be so, accustomed to. Unfortunately, it's easy to get used to assuming things that are inexperienced, and in fact weak and experienced, we have a completely different perspective. It is not difficult to identify whether a hypothesis has a basis, but the real difficulty is to identify it at the first time. The reason is that, unlike other thinking problems, assumptions are usually not expressed. To identify assumptions in your own or other people's thinking, we need to develop the habit of reading / listening to the meaning between lines. In other words, it becomes sensitive to things that are not expressed in other people's thoughts but have a clear hint.

> 14LOGICAL FALLACIES

Logical fallacy is a mistake made in the process of reasoning. No logical conclusion: a conclusion that is completely not followed or not fully followed by logic. One or the other: either agree with this, or agree with that, agree with this and oppose the other. Personal attack: to attack a person's character, weakness, etc. to show that his conclusion is untenable, but in fact a conclusion has nothing to do with the person who supports it. Transfer of burden of proof: if we make an assertion, we have an obligation to prove it, not the person who opposes it. Attribution error: it is an attribution fallacy to identify the existence of correlation or only random events as causality. Scarecrow fallacy: misinterpret other people's words, or draw an unreasonable conclusion, attacking each other by attacking distorted information. Irrational call: call to do one thing through feelings, traditions, beliefs, ideas, authority, popular thinking, rather than reason and logic. It is easy to think that we deny the conclusion when we find the fallacy, not so. The conclusion may still be right if the reason is wrong. When you look at any problem, remember that, as important as identifying and discovering mistakes, your purpose is to find the most reasonable and grounded point of view.

> 15The problems in COMBINATION

[Reflections] We have talked about a lot of problems that hinder our critical thinking, and they are more not alone, but joint. Their joint emergence is a greater obstacle to critical thinking. A good way to solve joint problems is still to identify them and solve them separately. The following is a summary of these problems and solutions. My Better Mind Symptoms: tend to think better than others, just because the idea is yourself. Prescription: remind yourself that others will have this tendency, but critical thinking requires me to look at myself like others. Refusal to change Symptoms: prefer familiar ideas to unfamiliar ones. Prescription: if the first reaction to unfamiliar ideas and opinions is contradictory, put the first reaction aside and re-evaluate it through critical thinking. Conformity Symptoms: think about action like others, just for the rest of the people around you, or for the people you want to fit in (or, conversely, think about action like others, just to be different from others). Prescription: base your thoughts and actions on evidence, not whether others do it. Love Symptom: Try to protect your self-image or the impression you want to give others when challenged or threatened. Prescription: distinguish between "you want so" and "really so" and be honest with yourself. Stereotypes Symptoms: a fixed, hard-to-change induction of people, places, or things. Prescription: remind yourself that most things can not be classified into a single category. In addition, prevent the "I already know" feeling from rising at the stage of collecting information. Oversimplification Symptom: To distort the problem in order to simplify it to a manageable level. Prescription: ensure that your views accurately represent the actual situation. Summary conclusion Symptoms: make a conclusion before the evidence is insufficient. Prescription: refrain from making a conclusion before you have all the answers to the question. If you have to make a point before the evidence is insufficient, use if... So ." Sentence pattern. If the evidence supports possibility rather than certainty, this is reflected in the conclusion. Unfounded assumptions Symptoms: certain ideas that affect your reasoning before you realize them, or take for granted. Prescription: develop the habit of reading (listening) between lines clearly implied but not expressed. Logical fallacy symptoms: logical errors that occur in reasoning —— illogical conclusions (conclusions that are not followed at all or that are not fully followed), one-or-one thinking (either in favour of this or that, in favour of this or against another), personal attacks (stating that his conclusions are untenable by attacking a person's character, weakness, etc.), fact that a conclusion has nothing to do with the person who supports it), transfer of responsibility (the person who makes the assertion has the obligation to prove it, not the person who opposes it), attribution errors (events that relate to relevance or randomness), identified as causality), scarecrow fallacy (to refute the other party by attacking the wrong interpretation of the other party's views), irrational calls (to call on people to do one thing through feelings, traditions, beliefs, ideas, authority, popular thinking, rather than reason and logic). Prescription: monitor signs of these fallacies in your mind, especially before you report or express your views.

> 16Knowing Yourself

Make a list of questions to test your mind and often torture yourself, but more importantly, how to make it work more efficiently. Be honest with yourself, understand where you are more likely to make mistakes, and consciously prevent their effects. Like other famous psychologists, Ellis points out that to manage our thinking, we must fight our own negative tendencies. Freud and his daughter Anna accurately observed that humans tend to avoid paying attention to and coping with problems, often in order to cover up problems, using rationalization, denial, compensation, identity, projection, escape, repression and other defensive behaviors. Improving your mind is a difficult job, a very long time, a great challenge, but no self-improvement can affect all aspects of our lives so far.

> 17Being Observant

Opportunities are reserved for prepared hearts and for observant eyes. What a person says, the way he says, and what he avoids saying are useful clues to his views and attitudes. Taking note of these things can help us understand sensitive places, weak places, and find the most rewarding way to communicate with people. In the development of science and medicine, there are too many examples of observation that create achievements and promote progress. But the use of observation is not so, it can be applied to all aspects, such as a small observation of the day may become a huge business success. To become more observant, we must make full use of our five senses and avoid the aimless wandering of the mind. Too many people can not observe carefully because they are too immersed in self —— self's thoughts and feelings. Observant people have long learned to perceive themselves from the outside and keep in touch with what happens outside. A good way to exercise observation is to be more active and attentive in getting the impression of external perception, thinking about the connection between things and ideas, even if they don't seem to be connected. Observation itself sometimes brings valuable insights. You can improve your insight by developing the habit of thinking about your observations. The best way is to set aside a special time every day, one morning, perhaps, or in the evening (but not when you're exhausted). It doesn't take long, ten to fifteen minutes is enough. But make sure you're not distracted. Review what you've seen and heard in the last 24 hours. Ask yourself what it means, how it is relevant to other important matters, and how to use it to improve yourself or promote achievement.

> 18Clarifying Issues &19Conducting Inquiry

Many people analyze problems more than they can manage. Putting all the problems together rather than separating tends to make people ignore important differences, lose subtle grasp, and distort the connection between ideas. Any investigation and judgment, following such a beginning, can be shallow and simplistic. Skilled analysts usually find that even a small aspect of a problem can say enough. They know that quality analysis, especially controversial issues, usually places serious limits on their focus. They realize that breadth must be sacrificed to reach depth. In other words ," less is more ". To get more from thinking, like skilled analysts, we have to limit our topics to the right range. That is to say, we have to decide what aspects of a universal problem we want to focus on. The following steps can provide a quick and efficient way to choose and sort out the problem :1, list specific subheadings for the big problem you choose ;2, decide which specific problem you want to consider ;3, express the problem you want to consider with one or more clear, specific questions. By accurately identifying the problems we want to study, we not only ensure a clearer focus, but we increase opportunities that do not exceed our capabilities. we also make the analysis work easier. The less we focus on, the less easily we are distracted and confused. Even in those rare cases, we need to solve all aspects of the whole problem, and careful identification of these aspects can make our investigation more orderly and targeted. Finally, precise identification of the problem reduces the chance of oversimplifying complex matters. Investigation is to seek answers to questions, through inquiry, to collect evidence to help us draw conclusions. It enables us to transcend our first impressions, feelings, preconceived ideas, and personal preferences. Investigation has two basic types —— fact investigation and opinion investigation. Views may be informed or uninformed. Unless the purpose of our investigation requires the same treatment of both parties, we should be more interested in informed opinions. Some special problems often require our opinion investigation. When we find that one or two problem thinkers hold the views we believe or want to believe, we tend to be satisfied. We might say, yes, that's the answer. But in fact, we should be more cautious at this time.If this issue is controversial, we should remind ourselves that a controversial issue, by definition, is a problem that has information and careful thinkers will disagree, that is, both sides may have reasonable reasons. It is also worth reminding that no evidence is perfect, even the best evidence needs to be asked. Appearance can be deceptive, some facts can be masked, and some enlightening views can be limited by perspective.

> 20Interpreting Evidence

After we get the evidence, we often need to interpret the evidence to determine what it means, its importance and the answer to the question. The interpretation of evidence is very important, depending on the type of evidence we have. For our own direct experience and observation, we question in different ways than the evidence given to others and the conclusions of the investigation. For your own conclusion, do you ask yourself: am I observing accurately? What inaccuracies do I feel about the external environment? What aspects of inaccuracy may be caused by my own emotions and attitudes towards the problem, the person, the place? Did I pre-select a direction to look at the problem from the start? The experience and observation of others, as well as the evidence of investigation, should be carefully examined in the form of questions, not listed here. To interpret evidence, be sure to distinguish the following important differences: people and ideas, no matter how much you like or hate the person, can not transfer the feeling of the person to his thoughts —— the right and wrong of the idea has nothing to do with the person, the right and wrong of the idea has nothing to do with the evidence; what to say and how to speak, not because a person's way of speaking is attractive, inflammatory to convince him of the right and wrong right and wrong has nothing to do with the way of speaking, and what is right and wrong is only related to the evidence; Why do people do it and whether they do it correctly? the motivation is not important. It is not because the motivation does not conform to your values that the practice itself —— the right and wrong of the practice has nothing to do with the motivation, and the right and wrong of the practice are only related to the evidence. If we examine the evidence carefully and keep an open mind, we will find few single explanations. Instead, we will find several possible explanations. Our work will be to narrow down the possibility to determine which is the most reasonable explanation. The basis for deciding which is the most reasonable explanation is not its popularity, nor our familiarity with it, or our personal preferences. The standard should be its relationship with evidence, and the most reasonable explanation can best match the evidence, that is, compared with any other explanation, it can best cover all facts and reconcile contradictory views. Occasionally, it is impossible for us to decide on one explanation, and two or more explanations can apply equally to evidence. In this case, we should not force ourselves to choose between them, we should wait for enough evidence to support us in making responsible choices.

> 21Analyzing Viewpoints

When we investigate a problem, there are often one or two views that deserve our special attention. Sometimes it can be an article, sometimes it can be a chapter of a book, and we need to analyze it. The first step in analysis is to read carefully to understand the information it says and implies. But in an article or chapter, because of the complex relationship between ideas and ideas, we need to have an efficient way to understand. The following are ways to help you understand complex materials: find out all the conclusions of the article after reading it; pay attention to the degree, quantity of vocabulary; pay attention to the relationship between ideas; pay attention to preconditions; find the main conclusion. After we make a summary of the article, we must critically examine it and ask effective questions. It is worth taking the time to ask the right questions. First of all, it makes us transcend the judgment of appearance. As we look at them more closely, it is good that the original ideas that appeal to us may not continue to exist. Second, it allows us not to be influenced by our own instinctive reactions, and it is beyond our vision. Even the best thinkers make mistakes, after all, people are prone to make mistakes. So, on a complex issue, any statement that is longer than one or two sentences may be neither entirely reasonable nor completely unreasonable. The longer the length, the more likely it is to be defective, so we can find what we agree and disagree, and find its strengths and weaknesses. Finally, looking at it can provide us with a structure to arrange our ideas.

> 22Forming Judgments

Judgment is the conclusion obtained after examining the evidence and reasoning carefully. It is the product of thinking. Unlike feeling, judgment is not spontaneous and unconscious, but it also has spontaneous elements, such as intuition. But the fact that judgment is the product of evaluation and reasoning does not guarantee that it is reliable. It may be a misunderstanding of truth, cognition and opinion, because many mistakes may be introduced before the judgment is formed. We can improve our perception and attention to mistakes by understanding ourselves, observing carefully, and reducing the impact of our preconceptions and first impressions through systematic clarity of problems, execution of investigations, interpretation of evidence, and analysis of views. After these efforts, the expression of judgment may change all efforts. So, no matter how clear our inner judgments are, it is best to think of them as amorphous before we express them in words. Here are guidelines that help us express our judgment effectively.

  1. try to get a balanced perspective

  2. treatment possibilities

  3. make your topic more specific

  4. accurate use of predicates

  5. contains all appropriate qualifications

  6. avoid exaggeration

往期推荐

[为他人提供一点价值](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247486105&idx=1&sn=308e54d8bd51a3a2bfcaebfab0ae709c&chksm=c11edcddf66955cb5cdc36b622300f6556167a17188602a3d860ebf0ada113aa82f6e65bb82a&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

[大白浅谈领导力](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247486054&idx=1&sn=10cefd0bcf95c987bbf6402298ffd60c&chksm=c11edc22f6695534c97e147a670b417505048dff45a430b7841b505ddf86908bde1d9dfd605c&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

[什么样的选择更好](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247486014&idx=1&sn=35ff132a8e1399c081b7e5852b563b90&chksm=c11edc7af669556c4389ad6bf3743f017b9d4bf89b15d258c7a580f16334693f74b4c98a6b64&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

[送给自己最好的礼物--成长](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247486002&idx=1&sn=494d8e72e1f9e58819008f10c399de99&chksm=c11edc76f6695560a5476a531037eeced595cacd4fc249e0378f649f67e9e82435e9da9d9a12&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

[输入，大白是这样理解的](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247485992&idx=1&sn=d8934514e9af5d0f5526e8804c776624&chksm=c11edc6cf669557a9573622a1e397791e6e2d9cfd92d3f94b6695de039ffa4eba6b070ac263f&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

[刚需，大白想和你聊聊它](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247485154&idx=1&sn=3c84974d121ae139d7678cfbecf617cc&chksm=c11ed0a6f66959b0c08a8cc17b8c2cf2d0082e255cd57a356dfe82823bec69a758a1e28a9ab9&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

[15个字，看懂的都了不起](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247484751&idx=1&sn=0b63b9acba88648f4729d8f416249270&chksm=c11ed30bf6695a1d5ff298a4b7be610f848ea4adaa618b36aff3ad87346ca2ab99c6c9b561dd&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

[](http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzkxMTIxMzM1NQ==&mid=2247484751&idx=1&sn=0b63b9acba88648f4729d8f416249270&chksm=c11ed30bf6695a1d5ff298a4b7be610f848ea4adaa618b36aff3ad87346ca2ab99c6c9b561dd&scene=21#wechat_redirect)

喜欢就点个在看再走吧
